We're about to start.
Wait, with
everything that's happened tonight,
you know you don't have to do this, right? No, I don't have to. I
don't have to. I don't have to. I don't have to. But are you sure about this?
Worry loves me,
and that's gotta be enough.
[DISTORTED VOICES]
[SOBBING]
You lost lambs, welcome to
the lighthouse with the open arms.
Oh, my God.
I thought you got cold feet.
Oh, no, blame me.
You should just save
me from my deed from hell.
Who are all these people?
It's just a
couple of influencers.
I'm not a real person. I'm a real person. I'm a real
person. I'm a real person. It's just a couple of influencers.
Nobody under five million followers,
and I think we have a
Netflix executive in there.
We doing this?
Yeah.
Where's your dress?
All that matters is that I'm here now,
so let's just skip straight to the vows.
Where's Delia?
Yep.
Right here.
Help me calm down before the wedding.
I see a little jittery.
All right, beat it.
[GASPING]
You.
You hear that thing?
From my dream?
I'm really more
nightmare material, but thanks.